Operations in a number of  hospitals throughout the country have been disrupted due to the strike by the National Education, Health and Allied Workers’ Union (Nehawu) on Monday. Nehawu embarked on an indefinite strike to demand  a 10% salary increment. National health department spokesperson Foster Mohale said several hospitals were affected by violent and disruptive action  outside  health facilities. “While we respect their right to strike, we condemn any violence and intimidation directed  at health workers, patients and infrastructure. The health department, working closely with  provincial health authorities and law enforcement agencies, is monitoring the situation for urgent interventions in the best interest of the lives of our health officials and patients.” Mohale said disrupted hospitals included Carletonville, Leratong and Thelle Mogoerane  in Gauteng.  In  Free State,  Manapo Regional Hospital and Pelonomi Hospital have been affected. In  North West, Tshepong, Witrand and Moses Kotane hospitals were  partially operating  and Khayelitsha Hospital in the Western Cape  suffered  the same fate. No injuries were reported due to the strike by Monday morning. Nehawu spokesperson Lwazi Nkolonzi told TimesLIVE workers were demonstrating peacefully but force was allegedly used by private security to disperse striking workers. “At Leratong Hospital they used violence to dispatch our members and as Nehawu we condemn that. “Our members are demonstrating peacefully  but  we are seeing the brutality  unleashed on our members. The department must condemn that  because our members have been demonstrating peacefully since the beginning of the strike this morning.” Nkolonzi alleged that their members were intimidated by private security  at some hospitals. “There was no violence at all from our side. We were demonstrating peacefully. It is  private security provoking our members and using force.” Nkolonzi said the union expected thousands of public sector workers to be  “tools down” and demonstrate outside workplaces. He said  workers had no choice but to forge ahead with the strike after negotiations with  government for a 10%  salary increment hit a deadlock last year. “The  negotiations collapsed last year and we  got a certificate of non-resolve enabling us to  embark on a strike as we demand a 10%  salary increment.” The Johannesburg labour court handed down a judgment on Saturday interdicting the strike. However, the union decided to go ahead, saying it was  appealing the judgment. “In this regard, we wish to confirm  the union has filed the application for leave to appeal at 3.30pm to give the go-ahead to our strike commencing  March 6 2023 until the leave to appeal is determined,” the union said. TimesLIVE