The Presidency has responded to the  news that President Cyril Ramaphosa's stolen Phala Phala US dollars were not declared to the  SA Revenue Service  (Sars), saying  the responsibility to do so lay with the cattle buyer. “The obligation to declare the money to Sars was for the buyer to fulfil on arrival and not for the management of the farm during receipt of payment,” said Presidency spokesperson Vincent Magwenya. This  emerged after a Promotion of Access to Information Act (Paia) application submitted by the DA to Sars, which found there are no records of a declaration of the money  Ramaphosa received. The money, which  was later stolen at his  farm,  was reportedly hidden inside a couch on the farm and not declared to Sars upon entering  South Africa, said DA leader John Steenhuisen. Sars confirmed  it has responded to the Paia request by Steenhuisen about the declaration of a certain traveller. Last year Ramaphosa said he had received $580,000 from Hazim Mustafa, a Sudanese national, a payment for cattle as part of a legitimate business transaction. Mustafa said in a media interview  he had complied with the requirement to declare the money to Sars officials at OR Tambo airport upon entering  South Africa. But the DA said this was not the case, as the Sars information officer informed Steenhuisen of the process followed and said Sars had no such declaration record. Sars confirmed  it could not find the records requested  by the DA. “The Sars information officer, after an extensive search for the record in various Sars passenger processing systems and engagements with the relevant business units within Sars which he believed may be in custody of and/or be in possession of and/or have knowledge of the records requested, was advised that the record could not be found and /or may not be in existence.” The revenue service said  it exercises its mandate without fear, favour or prejudice in all matters with which it deals and would continue to do so. “Sars will continue to comply with the provisions of  Paia. If the record  is found after  March 5 2023,  Steenhuisen will be given access to the record unless access is refused on a ground for refusal  in  Paia.” TimesLIVE