Royal AM returned to their winning ways following a hard-fought 2-0 victory over AmaZulu in the KwaZulu-Natal derby at Chatsworth Stadium yesterday. Goals on either side of the half from Motebang Sera and Mxolisi Macuphu were enough to see Royal end their three-match winless run. Both teams came to this match looking for their first victory of the year. Thwihli Thwahla played to a goalless draw with TS Galaxy last week, while AmaZulu were also held to a draw by resurgent Sekhukhune United, but it was Royal who emerged victorious. Royal showed their intentions early. They started brightly, taking the game away from Usuthu and breaking the deadlock when Sera headed home from Elias Pelembe’s set piece in the 12th minute. It was a frustrating afternoon for Usuthu as they could not string a few passes together, while Royal continued with their dominance and came close to increasing their lead. Veteran attacking midfielder Pelembe and Tebogo Potsane were giving the AmaZulu defence all sorts of problems in the first half as they were more influential in their attack. As the game continued, Usuthu were starting to find their rhythm but could not break Thwahla’s defence and went into the interval trailing. They failed to register a shot on target. Usuthu came back with more energy in the second half but still could not create any chances. Thwahla opted to sit back and wait for a breakaway ball as Usuthu threw everything in search of an equaliser. There was a moment of controversy late in the second half when Royal was given a second goal when Sera’s curling shot hit the crossbar and bounced outside the line, but the assistant referee thought it went in and gave the goal. But after AmaZulu players appealed, the referee Christopher Kistoor consulted with his assistant and the goal was not allowed to stand. That seemed to have given Royal energy as they pushed more for a second goal and substitute Macuphu made it 2-0 with six minutes remaining against the run of play after he connected from Menzi Masuku’s cross to seal the points. It was a frustrating afternoon for Usuthu as they didn’t do enough to win the match.