As Mamelodi Sundowns look to stretch their winning run to 11 games and extend their lead at the top of the DStv Premiership table, SuperSport United are on a mission to reduce the gap when they meet at Loftus Versfeld Stadium tonight (6pm). Masandawana are 13 points clear of third place Matsatsantsa a Pitori heading into the Tshwane derby tonight. And although Sundowns are enjoying a rich vein of form with 10 successive victories and conceding only two goals in the process, there is a belief that SuperSport can slow them down. Gavin Hunt’s charges are the last team to beat Sundowns in a league match in the first round on September 2 but defender Aubrey Modiba says they will need to make sure they don’t lose twice to them. “You don’t want any team to put a double over you and that’s a conversation we have been having,” Modiba explained. “They have been doing well under coach Gavin and they are a very tough team to play against. They put balls in the box, so we need to defend well. “I think they have a well-balanced team and we have to apply ourselves well on the day and make sure they don’t do a double on us.” However, SuperSport captain Onismor Bhasera said they have a team capable of completing a league double over the Brazilians tonight. “Any team is beatable. It’s all about how badly you want it, otherwise we won’t be competing. We would just be giving them the trophy. There is no team or player who is goes to a match hoping to lose,” Bhasera said. “We are going there to give ourselves a chance and hopefully we are going to win. It is important, of course, to close the gap, but it is not the most important match in the league. Every match is important; you have to keep on collecting those three points.” Tonight: Sundowns v SuperSport, Loftus 6pm. Friday: CPT v Galaxy, Cape Town 7.30pm; Sekhukhune v Swallows, Peter Mokaba 7.30pm. Saturday: Arrows v Maritzburg, Princess Magogo 3.30pm; Royal v Chippa, Chatsworth 3.30pm; AmaZulu v Gallants, Moses Mabhida 8pm; Chiefs v Sundowns, FNB 8pm. Sunday: Pirates v Stellenbosch, Orlando 3.30pm; SuperSport v Richards Bay, Lucas Moripe 5.30pm.