A hip replacement led to the discovery of full-blown cancer in the body of distinguished former world heavyweight boxing champion Gerrie Coetzee, his promoter Thinus Strydom has revealed. “Gerrie had a hip replacement recently and he had a wound that would not heal,” he said. “He complained of consistent pains, so he went to the doctor for a check-up and that is when he found out that he had cancer and in fact the doctor told him that it had spread all over his body and he had only a week to live,” said Strydom. The 67-year-old former WBA world heavyweight champion passed away on Thursday. Strydom who is based in Mpumalanga is a veteran boxing promoter whose World Boxing Promotions guided Coetzee to stardom. “I am flying down to Cape Town next week to meet with the family and surely a decision will be taken regarding Gerrie’s funeral,” said the former mayor if Barberton in Mpumalanga who has been involved with boxing for almost 50 years. “Once it has been confirmed I will let you know; the family is still mourning and is not taking any calls right now,” he added. Strydom said out of all the men who worked in Coetzee’s corner — his father and trainer (Flip Coetzee) and his assistant (Willie Locke) as well as promoter Cedrick Kushner  have all passed on. “I am the only one remaining now,” he said. “The late discovery of cancer could have killed him. But one thing remains and that Gerrie is a legend, and he will remain as such. I have been getting messages of condolences from many country’s including America and England; that is how popular Gerrie; when you talk of genuine world champions his name is in that list.” This year was going to mark 40 years anniversary of Coetzee’s world championship triumph. The “Boksburg Bomber”  won the WBA with a 10th-round knockout of defending champion America Michael Dokes at Richfield Coliseum, Ohio in the US, on September 23, 1983. That win made Coetzee the first ever Caucasian from Africa to fight for and win a world heavyweight boxing title. Coetzee later lost his title to Greg Page, who knocked him out in round eight at the same Sun City in December 1984. Some of the big names Coetzee fought against incudes “Big” John Tate, Mike “Mr Hercules” Weaver, Pinklon Thomas and Frank Bruno. Coetzee’s last boxing match was in 1997 when he lost to former WBC middleweight world champion Iran Barkley who stopped the South African in the 10th round. That was Coetzee’s sixth loss, his fourth by KO, against 33 wins, 21 by knockouts.