As the DStv Premiership is at its halfway point, at least five coaches could bite the dust in the coming weeks if they don’t change the fortunes of their respective teams. Sihle Ndebele looks at the coaches likely to bite the dust: Barker appears to be leading the sack race as Stellies have gone five league games without a win with two defeats and three draws. The Cape Winelands side are four points away from the relegation zone, occupying the 13th slot. Barker, the longest serving coach in the division, penned a new three-year deal with the club in October last year. Even so, this doesn’t mean he can’t be excused should Stellies continue to drop points. He joined the club in 2017. Barker’s last five league games for Stellies October 18: lost 0-2 to SuperSport at home Oct 30: 0-1 at AmaZulu Dec 30: drew 1-all against Chippa at home Jan 8: drew 0-0 away to Galaxy Jan 12: drew 1-all at home to Marumo Chippa are another side without a victory in the last five games, meaning coach Mammila is also in the mix. The Chilli Boys have drawn  two and lost three of their last five league games. Given Chippa boss Siviwe Mpengesi’s well-documented history of  being impatient with his coaches, Mammila knows he must start winning games or be axed. Mammila’s last five league games Oct 25: lost 1-2 away to City Oct 30: drew 3-all at home to Bay Dec 30: 1-1 away against Stellies Jan 6: lost 0-2 at Swallows Jan 10: 1-2 vs Sundowns away Speaking to Sowetan on Monday, Malesela conceded that they were having it tough. Malesela is Marumo’s second coach this season, having replaced Romain Folz in September last year. Marumo owner Abram Sello doesn’t come across as a patient man, having fired coaches like Sébastien Migné and Dylan Kerr, among others, for poor results in the past. What could save Malesela is that the side have secured a slot in the CAF Confederation Cup group stages. Malesela’s last five league games Oct 29: won 2-1 versus City at home Dec 30: lost 0-1 at SuperSport Jan 3: lost 2-3 away to Sekhukhune Jan 7: lost 0-1 by Maritzburg at home Jan 11: drew 1-1 against Stellenbosch on the road The fact that Riveiro has already delivered a trophy in the form of the MTN8  this term could buy him more time. However, pressure will continue to mount on the Spaniard if their league form doesn’t improve, with many already feeling he’s failing to use the quality players at his disposal. Riveiro’s last five league games Oct 14: drew 1-all v AmaZulu at home Oct 18: won 2-0 away to Arrows Oct 29: lost 0-1 at home to Chiefs Dec 30: lost 0-2 to Sundowns away Jan 7: lost 1-2 at City Folz is another man whose job is at risk, having managed a single win from the last five league fixtures, with three draws and one loss. Folz also lost the MTN8 final to Pirates in November last year. Folz’s last five league games Oct 19: drew 1-1 at home to Mariztburg Oct 26: drew 0-0 away to Marumo Oct 30: won 1-0 against Stellenbosch at home Dec 31: drew goalless away to Sekhukhune Jan 8: lost 0-2 to Royal away