Trade unions have accused the government of being dictated to by Western countries to close coal-fired power stations  while many  developed countries  still rely heavily on  South Africa for coal. Unions voiced their  opinions during an  engagement with the portfolio committees  on public enterprises and  mineral resources and energy  and the select committee on public enterprises and communications at Eskom's Megawatt Park head office on Thursday. The engagement  was part of a two-day oversight visit by the  committees to Eskom to assess interventions aimed at resolving the  energy crisis. Representatives from the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (Numsa) and Solidarity highlighted concerns  about the lack of focus on maintenance of  coal  power stations, the skills shortage, the role of private companies in alleged sabotage at power stations, unwarranted mothballing of coal power stations and the  ability of independent power producers (IPPs) to alleviate the  challenges. NUM's Eskom shop steward Phumzile Mvovo said power stations such as Komati were being run into the ground. “The budgets allocated for maintaining power stations are not being used for maintenance. When  a power station  is shut down there is  poaching of spares from one unit for another. If a particular component breaks at one plant, rather than purchase a new component we  salvage a unit from another plant. These plants are left solely for spares.” The government and Eskom  have been paying IPPs for growth while compromising maintenance. “These people we [are] bringing into our plants are not always loyal to the organisation. For these contractors to continue getting work, they sabotage our plants. We need to determine what their  purpose is.” Mvovo said  developed countries were  quick to tell  South Africa to move away from coal  while they have  reverted  to coal due to the Russian  invasion of Ukraine. “They tell us 'move away from coal' and yet we have a line of trucks on the N2 going to Richards Bay for exporting coal to these countries.” Numsa spokesperson Phakamile Hlubi-Majola questioned Eskom and the government's stance  on retiring ageing power plants. “Eskom's operational data affirms  there is no correlation between the age of power plants and their performance. The data from Eskom suggests  Eskom’s operational problems are the main cause of breakdowns and reliability issues rather than the age of the plants.” She  referred to Germany,  which faced  energy challenges  due to the Russia-Ukraine war and  pulled out of its climate change commitment goals. “Germany took steps and opened its coal mines, coal power stations and  extended their lifespan. This is because Germany knows scientifically, it is coal that will deliver a reliability of energy supply and it also knows  you cannot sacrifice communities for three years and subject them to rolling blackouts.” She said  South Africa was allowing itself to be dictated to by the West. “When the  West, its baseload to power its economy and consistently deliver reliable electricity supply to its people is on coal, gas and nuclear. The  question is who’s fooling who? We must not forget  Africa  accounts for less than 4% of the CO2  responsible for climate change. The UK, US, and China are primarily responsible, so why should South Africa carry the burden of the sins of the Western world? We still have to drive industrialisation for the sake of our economic growth.” PODCAST | We all know the solution: get the politicians out of Eskom Numsa's Enos Mbodi, who sits on the presidential climate change committee, said the country was collapsing its economic advantage. “We have  200 years of coal under the ground and if you look at the stats, in the first five months of 2022 the increase  in European exportation of our coal was  about 589%. We are throwing everything that is advantageous for ourselves away by giving it to everyone else. Loans we are taking from the Western world, from the US, are taken for closing power stations which is not to the benefit of our people.” Solidarity's Theuns du Buisson agreed  South Africa could not continue taking loans. “We cannot keep taking money from overseas and then dance to their tune.” While coal  was not  a sustainable energy resource  for the future, right now it remained  the only one, he said.  Eskom also needed to provide clarity on grid capacity. “We keep hearing there is no grid capacity in the Northern Cape, for  example, and we accept that — there are very  few people living in the Northern Cape, but can we request a map  be published as to where there is still grid capacity so  possible investors  know where they can develop new capacity.” Solidarity deputy president Helgard Cronje said there was no quick fix to load-shedding and  changes to the policy framework  were needed. “To change the CEO will not fix loadshedding. There are a lot of issues that need to be addressed. Fixing loadshedding is not a solution to our energy crisis. Changing policy  framework is needed to pave the way for different role players to enter the generation market. The red tape in application processes to generate energy need to be removed expeditiously. During a crisis like this there should be less talking and less politics and more fixing and doing.” Eskom's board and senior management will engage  the  committees on Friday  on: The committees “acknowledged  the unions presented varied solutions to the  energy crisis, with some advocating  enhanced focus on renewables while others encouraged continued reliance on coal”. “Besides the differing approaches presented, the underlying theme was the willingness to resolve the  challenges. This  requires collaboration at all levels of Eskom to enable the adoption of common strategies to overcome loadshedding.” TimesLIVE