Fresh from its much contested national leadership election last month the ANC is preparing to host its 111th anniversary celebration at its birthplace in Mangaung,  Free State, this weekend. In line with tradition, President Cyril Ramaphosa will deliver the party’s so-called January 8th statement – a line of march to members and an indication to the nation at large of the party’s priorities. His address this year will likely attract somewhat heightened interest from the broader public, not least of all because he has emerged much stronger against his detractors at the conference. Therefore to many, this reasonably ought to mean that he should be emboldened to lead without the kind of political trepidation and uncertainty that marred his first term as ANC president. This year’s January 8th statement should indicate how much appetite Ramaphosa and his national executive have to meaningfully confront the multiple crises faced by the party which, by extension, have crippled governance in various arms of the state. The ANC’s organisational report presented to conference in December painted a picture of a party that has increasingly become distant from people, one that is bleeding membership, led by individuals who are consistently involved in one scandal or another and has largely lost credibility in the eyes of the public. It is mainly for these reasons that the ANC has finally reckoned with the very real possibility of losing power come 2024 – an existential crisis from which it cannot escape. Still, regardless of what the distant future may hold for the ANC and its stewardship of SA, for the next year it remains at the helm of government and our public purse and will determine our nation’s direction. This is why, if he is at all sincere in his promises, Ramaphosa must step up to the legitimate expectations of millions of South Africans who are buckling under a failing economy, enduring unemployment, crime and corruption. In every corner of this nation ordinary people are desperate for better leadership from government, one that is responsive to their needs and basic human rights as promised in the constitution. We can no longer have a president who is preoccupied with tip-toeing around narrow political interests that guarantee him power rather than the desperate needs of people to whom this government must remain accountable.