After being booed heavily by own fans, alongside substitute goalkeeper Siyabonga Mpontshane,  striker Terrence Dzvukamanja had the last laugh when he netted Orlando Pirates' second goal in the stoppage time of their 3-1 win over Golden Arrows at Orlando Stadium on Saturday. The win ended Bucs' three game winless streak. Vincent Pule put the game to bed when he netted the third goal for the hosts just two minutes after Dzvukamanja had restored parity for the hosts. Arrows' Second half substitute Velemseni Ndwedwe cancelled out Monnapule Saleng's early strike in the 68th minute. The win will certainly palliate pressure on coach Jose Riveiro. The boo boys had a field play when Mpontshane was warming up in anticipation of starting keeper Sipho Chaine leaving the field after struggling with what looked like an ankle injury for a moment midway through the second half. Chaine ended up finishing the game and Mpontshane, who has leaked three goals from five league outings this term, remained an unused sub. Dzvukamanja however replaced Deon Hotto in the 74th minute. The Bucs fans weren't happy to see the former Bidvest Wits star enter the fray, booing him. Arrows nearly snatched a lead in the first minute when Thabang Monare's untimely back pass fell in the path of Knox Mutizwa, who unleashed a ferocious shot only for Pirates to be saved by their goalkeeper Chaine. After Monare's error, Pirates redeemed themselves and played with patience. Monare and Miguel Timm midfield partnership made things easier, winning all the second balls ahead of Arrows' Lungelo Dube and Ntsako Makhubela, who's on loan at the Durban side from Pirates. The Pirates right flank was also lively in the first stanza thanks to right-back Bandile Shandu's ability to surge forward and join the attack. The goal would come from Shandu's hard work when he delivered a low-driven cross that was tucked away by  Saleng  just two minutes before the half-hour mark. It was Saleng's third goal of the season in the league, having also netted a brace in the same fixture, where the Sea Robbers prevailed 2-0, in the first round of the campaign back in October last year.