Arsenal closed out 2022 with a 4-2 win over Brighton & Hove Albion on Saturday that gives them a seven-point lead at the top of the Premier League after title rivals Manchester City and Newcastle United both dropped points. Arsenal opened up a 3-0 lead through Bukayo Saka, Martin Odegaard and Eddie Nketiah but Brighton never gave up, pulling two goals back either side of a Gabriel Martinelli strike to set up a nervous finish for the Gunners, who held on to win. The victory leaves Arsenal in pole position on 43 points from 16 games with champions City on 36, Newcastle on 34 from 17 and Manchester United on 32 from 16. Earlier on Saturday City wasted their chance to increase the pressure on Arsenal, drawing 1-1 at home to struggling Everton despite Erling Haaland's 21st league goal of the season giving them the lead. Newcastle United also dropped home points as a 0-0 stalemate with Leeds United deprived Eddie Howe's side of a seventh successive league win. Marcus Rashford gave the perfect response to being left out for disciplinary reasons by scoring Manchester United's winning goal in a 1-0 victory at Wolverhampton Wanderers that lifted them into the Premier League's top four on Saturday. The in-form Rashford was benched by manager Erik ten Hag after being late for a team meeting but came off the bench to fire home a 76th-minute winner at Molineux. Southampton will end the year rock bottom after conceding late to lose 2-1 at Fulham — their fifth successive defeat. Crystal Palace hit back from a 3-0 home defeat by Fulham on Monday to beat Bournemouth 2-0 away thanks to goals by Jordan Ayew and Eberechi Eze. Rashford has been rejuvenated for club and country and after scoring three goals for England at the World Cup has scored three in three games in all competitions since returning. But his day did not start off as planned with manager Ten Hag leaving him out of the starting line-up as punishment for a minor disciplinary lapse. Without him United were struggling to break down a Wolves rearguard with replacement Alejandro Garnacho wasting the visitors' best chance to break the deadlock. Rashford was sent on at the interval for Garnacho and sealed the points in the 76th minute when he held off Wolves' substitute Jonny before lashing the ball home from close range. “He was bright, he was lively and he scored a goal to give a good reaction,” Ten Hag said. “Everyone has to adhere to the rules and if you react like this, it is the right answer.” When Haaland latched on to Riyad Mahrez's pass to tap home in the 24th minute it looked almost a formality that City would slice Arsenal's lead down to two points. But Everton, on a three-match losing run in the league, had other ideas and stunned the hosts after the break when Demarai Gray cut inside and unleashed a curling effort from the edge of the penalty area that beat goalkeeper Ederson. Everton moved two points above the drop zone. Newcastle's Brazilian midfielder Bruno Guimaraes wore a yellow shirt with the number 10 on the back during a minute's applause for compatriot Pele who died on Thursday as the Premier League paid tribute to the iconic player. But he was unable to inspire his side to a victory against a resolute Leeds who hung on for a point.