It was classy players like John Moeti who provided immense quality off the bench that made the 1996 Africa Cup of Nations-winning side so strong, says their captain Neil Tovey. Moeti was on the fringes of the aspect of coach Clive Barker's team that made history lifting the trophy on home soil two years after democracy for Bafana's lone international title — it's extremely strong midfield. The rock-hardness of Eric Tinkler and Linda Buthelezi as ball-winners complemented the sublime skills of Doctor Khumalo and the late John “Shoes” Moshoe in the middle of the park for Barker's team. Moeti provided the perfect combination of hardness and skill to come off the bench, make the tackles, keep the ball and close a game, Tovey said. He became the fourth member of the 1996 squad to pass in the early hours on Monday after an eight-month illness. The others were right-back Sizwe Motaung, striker Phil “Chippa” Masinga and Moshoeu. “You obviously know that slowly but surely it will happen and we'll lose members of that squad, but whenever there is news like that it's not nice to hear, obviously,” Tovey said. “He was more of a squad member in 1996 but that was what made that team so successful. “First, you could never rest on your laurels with players in the squad like him. All those guys like Zane Moosa pushed a very strong midfield of Doctor, Shoes, Linda and Eric. “John was sort of in-between the two [of the tough Buthelezi and Tinkler, and skillful Khumalo and Moshoeu]. He was very hard-working and also skillful. Obviously not as skillful as Shoes and Doc but comfortable on the ball. “You could bring him on and he'd close up shop, did the hard graft, and could keep the ball with his skill too. “He was a gentleman, very quiet, though being the captain of Orlando Pirates you can't be too quiet. “Look, he was quiet-ish to himself but would say things if they needed to be said about tactics of the squad.” Moeti came into his own in the two years after the 1996 Nations Cup, and with his superb form made a place in Bafana's central midfield his own, though he was injured on the eve of South Africa's first World Cup in France in 1998. Nicknamed Dungi, he was a core member of the Pirates team that lifted the 1995 African Cup of Champions Clubs, the precursor to the Caf Champions League. Bucs' 1995 victory — and the squad members they provided Bafana who brought the confidence of knowing they could win a continental trophy against the odds — was one of the turning points for the national team, which had battled in the early years post-isolation. “It did help Bafana, but at the same time Bafana was a team that was really starting to mould in itself,” Tovey said. “Bafana helped Pirates, but already we were starting to win in 1995 against some of the best teams. Clive was there. “ Pirates rubbed off on Bafana and Bafana rubbed off on Pirates at the start of a squad that encompassed the Pirates players, who were very good.” Moeti also played for Dynamos and SuperSport United. He had 29 caps for South Africa.