An EFF motion of no confidence  in National Assembly (NA) speaker Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula will be debated on March 7. The party’s request for the house to debate Mapisa-Nqakula’s fitness  to hold office was approved by her deputy Lechesa Tsenoli this week. “The deputy speaker has considered the matter and we have scheduled it for  March 7,” ANC MP Mina Lesoma told the assembly’s programming committee meeting on Thursday. Lesoma is the NA’s programming whip. The EFF  claims Mapisa-Nqakula  is irresponsible and acted unconstitutionally on February 9 when  police entered the chamber to remove EFF MPs who  stormed the stage where President Cyril Ramaphosa was making his state of the nation address. EFF leader Julius Malema wrote to Tsenoli to consider the motion to remove Mapisa-Nqakula in terms of the constitution and rules of the National Assembly. The constitution states: “The National Assembly may remove the speaker or deputy speaker from office by a resolution. A majority of the members of the assembly must be present when the resolution is adopted.” Malema accused Mapisa-Nqakula of  failing to act “fairly and impartially”, saying she “conducted herself in an irresponsible, unconstitutional and unacceptable manner when she called members of the security services to come inside the  chamber and remove duly elected  MPs for carrying out their constitutional mandate”. He said the speaker disregarded the constitution, which grants MPs the right to free expression when “she wanted to suppress MPs for raising points of order as permitted by the rules of the National Assembly”. “The speaker failed to follow the procedure outlined in the rules  for removing  MPs from the chamber, instead relying on her biases and [e]motions which resulted in shameful violence against  MPs,” said Malema. He said when Mapisa-Nqakula referred to MPs as “animals”, she  disqualified herself as one who can ensure  parties represented in the  assembly participate fully in  proceedings. Parliament has rejected the EFF claim that Mapisa-Nqakula referred to its MPs as animals. It said the claim was baseless and misleading. The  EFF says it will seek a secret ballot vote for the motion. “We should do it on a secret ballot because of past victimisation of MPs when they are not voting according to what they are forced to by the so-called party line,” said EFF MP Natasha Ntlangwini on Thursday. Mapisa-Nqakula, who  presided over the meeting, said Tsenoli will handle the matter of a secret ballot and whether the sitting to debate the motion will be “a fully physical sitting”. Mapisa-Nqakula is not the first speaker to face a motion of no confidence from opposition parties. Previously, similar motions were tabled against former speaker Baleka Mbete but  failed. TimesLIVE