The “suspicious contents” of a PostNet package at a Pretoria branch destined for KwaZulu-Natal turned out to be several live reptiles. The  South African Wildlife Rehabilitation Centre said  snake catchers were  called on Wednesday when a PostNet employee realised the parcel contained suspicious contents. “The plea for assistance reached our Pretoria snake removal WhatsApp group and one of our dedicated permitted rescuers made her way  to the PostNet premises. The  suspicious packages contained several individually packed reptiles, including protected sungazer lizards (Smaug giganteus), also known as 'Ouvolk'. “These magnificent reptiles are  sought after in  the pet and traditional medicine trade, locally and overseas. Despite their 'vulnerable' conservation status they are still illegally harvested by poachers.” The centre said the species was protected under the Threatened or Protected Species (ToPS) Act. “Getting caught with  ToPS species illegally requires a criminal arrest, as it is beyond paying a mere fine for an offence of this nature. A criminal  case is  opened and  offenders are required to appear in court,” the centre said. “To make matters  worse, the parcel also contained  Van Dam's girdled lizards, which are schedule II of the Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora  (Cites).” When the wildlife rescuer realised what she was dealing with, she  contacted the Gauteng department of agricultural and rural development. “While waiting for the authorities, the sender of the parcel arrived  at the PostNet branch as he had been contacted  about a snake that  escaped from one of the parcels  he  dropped off. Turmoil ensued as various role players, who had been contacted, quickly pulled together to corner the suspects while our rescuer hid with the animals until the authorities were on site.” Two suspects were  arrested on the scene. Their premises were searched and more illegal animals were found. “These included  other ToPS species. A young Southern African python (Python natalensis), bullfrogs, a boomslang, monitor lizards, chameleons and other reptiles  were also confiscated. “Adding to the long list of offences,  the  suspects will also be charged for attempting to send or transport wildlife in this manner.” They were expected to appear in court on Friday. TimesLIVE