More lives could be lost in mass shootings if the police service’s capacity and efforts to eliminate the illegal gun trade are not strengthened. This is according to a policing analyst and an anti-crime non-governmental organisation who spoke to TimesLIVE about the growing phenomenon of mass shootings in the country. Gun Free South Africa  director Adèle Kirsten said the 18 people recently killed in the Eastern Cape in two mass shootings and the 16 killed with rifles in a tavern in Soweto last  July would not be the last because of the growing illegal gun trade. “It is clear  government did not use the 2021 massacres to develop a plan to deal with gun violence or mass shootings because we have not seen  changes. If there is a strategy, it is not  effective,” Kirsten said. She said in many cases when perpetrators of gun violence-related crimes are arrested, the  weapons are not recovered. “That gun continues to circulate and is used to kill more people. The pressure must be on the police to arrest and  recover the guns. Police need to reduce the number of guns in our society. This was done before, in the early 2000s.” Kirsten said most guns used by criminals are stolen from licensed  owners. According to the organisation around 9,855 weapons are reported stolen every year. “Guns are stolen from police stock, some come from cross border trade, and others are attained through corruption in law enforcement entities.” Kirsten said police officers were vulnerable to gun-thirsty criminals. “Police officers and farmers are often targeted because the criminals know they have guns and  will try by all means to get a gun.” Among officers killed and their guns stolen are: Police commissioner Gen Fannie Masemola said killing  police officers for their service pistols undermined the authority of the state. Policing expert Dr Johan Burger told TimesLIVE  more mass shootings would happen  if the capacity of the criminal justice system is not strengthened. “In the village of Shobashobane, KwaZulu-Natal, 19 people were killed on Christmas Day in 1995. The motive was said to be political killings but  we have seen  mass killings happen more frequently and are done by organised crime groups.” He said groups such as zama zamas fighting over illegal mining territory, taxi industry killings and “construction mafias” that demand protection fees from businesses could worsen the death toll. Recent crime statistics showed murder increased by 13.6% by September last year. “South Africa faces a serious threat in terms of  transnational organised crime. Our crime levels have been on the increase for more than a decade. It started around 2011. Year by year, the murder rate has been increasing and   at 46 per 100,000 people,” Burger said. A syndicate demanding protection fees from businesses terrorised  Mamelodi  last year. The group, called Boko Haram, tormented the township. In 2021, eight people allegedly linked to the gang were killed, some shot dead in  full view of their families and the public. No arrests were made. Burger said police officers were understaffed and under-resourced and battled from corruption within the department. “There is a growing gap between the number of officers we have for safety and security purposes and the size of the population. Recently they decreased the number of police officers by 13,000.” Burger said the same problems  affected the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA). “The criminal justice system is under tremendous pressure because of the rise in crime and this is added to by the high rise in corruption  exposed by the Zondo commission. “With what remains of the capacity, is it sufficient to deal with the rise in crime, including mass shootings? The ANC acknowledges the criminal justice system does not have the capacity to fight the breakdown in security,” he said. He said corruption in the police service weakened the department. “Criminals saw the gaps within the justice system. They do not fear police. They believe they can get away with crime and that’s why there are high levels .” Burger said to turn things around  government needed to fulfil its promises  to enhance the crime-fighting capacity of law enforcement agencies made by President Cyril Ramaphosa during his January 8 ANC statement. “The criminal justice system needs to rebuild its capacity, get rid of internal corruption, strengthen specialised police units and give them resources because there are  units that do a good job. “Political will is one thing that stands  between and complete anarchy,  That is what we are headed for  if government does not do the things the president promised on January 8.”