With most of the players he worked with before at Royal AM still there, coach John Maduka is optimistic that he can replicate the same performance they displayed last season. Maduka rejoined Royal last week after a short spell with Maritzburg United and got off to a perfect start in his second spell when his side beat Golden Arrows 2-1. It was under Maduka that Thwihli Thwahla enjoyed their best performance before he left to join Maritzburg. “Most of the players that I left are still there, only a few who are new,” Maduka told the media. “So, it is good they know how I work and I know what to expect from them; it becomes easy for me and them as well to work together as a team. “Obviously, the pressure will always be there. We did well last season and we have pressure to try and take the team to another level.” Maduka highlighted consistency as something he needs to get right first with the players. “I think we lacked a bit of consistency where we win one game and it will take time to win another,” he said. “We have to work and be consistent. We have not been doing well, but we still have games to change that and get where we belong because we don’t belong where we are right now.” Meanwhile, with veteran defender Happy Jele having joined the club recently, Maduka said it may take a while for him to start playing, having not featured in any official game this season. “Happy has just joined the team and we also have a way of how we play and you must remember that it has been a long time since he has played. “He is doing well at training, but he has experience in the game for a long time and he is a leader. It is good to have him on the team and I believe that with time he will add value to the club. “So we are looking forward to working with him. He might be old, but his experience will be helpful.” Thwihli Thwahla will face Cape Town City in the Nedbank Cup last 32 at Cape Town Stadium on Sunday (6pm). Tomorrow: Spurs v Baroka, Athlone, 3pm; Maritzburg v Chiefs, Harry Gwala, 7.30pm Saturday: Black Cross v VFA, Dr Molemela, 3pm; Arrows v Callies, Princess Magogo, 3pm; Stellenbosch v Swallows, Danie Craven, 3pm; Mpheni Home Defenders v Clarewood JPM, Thohoyandou; All Stars v Pirates, Milpark, 8pm. Sunday: AmaZulu v Tornado; King Goodwill, 3pm; Galaxy v Amavarara, Milpark, 3pm; Mkhambathi v Casric Stars, Harry Gwala, 3pm; CPT v Royal AM, Cape Town, 6pm