CEOs of food and essential product manufacturers have written an open letter to President Cyril Ramaphosa warning unless the loadshedding crisis is urgently addressed, stable supplies of food, medicines and other essential goods cannot be guaranteed. “We are alarmed and dismayed by the levels of loadshedding  we have all had to endure over the past decade, and which have escalated catastrophically in recent months,” wrote the CEOs of member companies of the Consumer Good Council of South Africa (CGCSA). They include Massmart, Famous Brands, Shoprite, Burger King, Coca-Cola, Tiger Brands, Pick n Pay Retailers, Shoprite and PepsiCo. The letter called for “urgent and decisive action” from government to solve the crisis,  including  suspension of the fuel duty  and Road Accident Fund levies for the consumer goods businesses and value chain. Read the letter in full: Dear Mr President, This open letter brings together many of South Africa’s most significant manufacturers and retailers of food and other essential products, such as quick service restaurants and medicines. We take our responsibility to feed and sustain the nation very seriously. We work tirelessly, night and day, to produce food and household products, secure healthcare products and ensure they are always available in our stores when customers need them. The consumer goods industry’s contribution to the GDP is significant and is also the country’s largest employer. Millions of people depend on us for their livelihoods. We are alarmed and dismayed by the levels of loadshedding  we have all had to endure over the past decade, and which have escalated catastrophically in recent months. While we have maintained our operations and supply chains so far by using emergency power generators, this has been at an unsustainable financial cost. It is crippling our businesses, and will in the end mean much higher prices for consumers, who are already under severe financial strain. The deterioration of other essential infrastructure — including water, roads, rail, and policing — all make our tasks, and those of thousands of other businesses around the country, even more difficult. If this crisis continues, we will not be able to guarantee stable supplies of food, medicines and other essential goods. The government needs to understand this, rather than believe we can maintain business as usual. We require urgent and decisive action from government to solve the crisis, and specific steps to ensure  the consumer goods industry can fulfil its role as an essential service for every family in the country. These steps must include: • Rapid implementation of the plans already in place to solve the overall energy crisis. • The removal of regulatory red tape and escalating indirect taxes such as the health promotion levy to enable investment and business sustainability. • Address the deterioration of essential infrastructure  including water, roads, rail, and policing • A suspension of the fuel duty  and Road Accident Fund levies for the consumer goods businesses and value chain for as long as we suffer regular loadshedding. This is a critical sector that should be considered for fuel rebates similar to the mining, agriculture, fisheries and forestry sectors. • Effective tax and other incentives to install localised renewable energy at small and medium scale. • Action to ensure  critical infrastructure, such as essential food production, medicines and distribution facilities. are not only exempted from loadshedding but are prioritised on the safety and security list. • Accelerate the fight against illicit trade across the economy as it reduces the tax base and deprives government of crucial revenue at this critical time. We look forward to hearing your plans for action in the 2023 state of the nation address, giving due consideration to the proposals put forward in this letter by the  CEOs who are signatories. We will continue to work tirelessly to sustain our customers and communities. We will support government where we can and ask urgently for decisive action from you. Signed: Gareth Ackerman co-chair Johann Vorster co-chair Zinhle Tyikwe CEO Issued on behalf of the following industry CEOs: BAT East and Southern Africa Bidfood Massmart Famous Brands Exclusive Books Magaliescitrus Mars Burger King Coca-Cola Tiger Brands Pick n Pay Retailers Shoprite PepsiCo OBC TimesLIVE